# AccountHistoryQueryFilters

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**custom_fields** | **string[]** | Transaction custom field values used as filters. Is a comma-separated array, where each part consists in two parts: the internal name (or custom field id) of the field, and a value, both separated by : (colon).  For example, &#x60;customFields&#x3D;field1:value1,field2:value2&#x60;. Sometimes multiple values are accepted. In this case, the multiple values are separated by pipes. For example, customFields&#x3D;field1:valueA|valueB. Enumerated fields accept multiple values, while numeric and date fields also accept ranges, which are two values, pipe-separated. For example, &#x60;customFields&#x3D;rank:bronze|silver,documentDate:2000-01-01|2001-12-31&#x60; would match results whose custom field with internal name &#x60;rank&#x60; is either &#x60;bronze&#x60; or &#x60;silver&#x60;, and whose &#x60;documentDate&#x60; is between January 1, 2000 and December 31, 2001. To specify a single bound in ranges (like birth dates before December 31, 2001), use a pipe in one of the values, like &#x60;customFields&#x3D;documentDate:|2001-12-31&#x60;. A note for dynamic custom fields: If a script is used to generate possible values for search, the list will be returned in the  corresponding data, and it is sent as a pipe-separated list of values (not labels). For example: &#x60;customFields&#x3D;dynamic:a|b|c&#x60;. However, it is also possible to perform a partial-match search using the dynamic value label. In this case a single value, prefixed or enclosed by single quotes should be used. For example: &#x60;customFields&#x3D;dynamic:&#x27;business&#x60; or &#x60;customFields&#x3D;dynamic:&#x27;business&#x27;&#x60;. | [optional] 
**direction** | [**\Cyclos\Api\Model\TransferDirectionEnum**](TransferDirectionEnum.md) |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)

